it's the second day of DIY and I'm going
to show you how to make these peace sign
pins inspired by john galliano fall
winter 2014 menswear a lot of the DIYs
in these 12 days will be
menswear-inspired just because I find
more inspiration than where I get more
excited about looking at menswear
because I feel like it's there's less
it's more of a sort of curated display I
guess that we get to see there's fewer
designers at show and it's just less
daunting to look at it all these are
inspired by john galliano as i said i
thought they were really cool there's
like different pins that were shown or I
don't even know if they're pins or like
appliques but I translated them into
pins but there's like you know a
pointing finger a peace sign you could
do all sorts of things with these you
could you know copy the emojis if you
wanted to I think it's really fun and
easy DIY again super simple moves are
required and yeah I hope you like it
let's get into it
you